Drink 20, and everyone gets to laugh at you loser
Drink if you've gone to a lapdance event
Drink if you've ERP'd in a Yitties world
Drink if you've ERP'd with someone at this table
Drink if you have one of those trash Oculus headsets
Drink if you still live with your parents, loser
Drink 4 if you're in the Yitties Discord server
Drink if you've been in a Yitties video
Drink if you ain't got no job
Drink 3 if your friends with Fox. Fox drink 10.
Drink if you haven't showered today
Drink if you are drinking beer
Make a really awkward animal sound or drink 5
Drink if you look mid IRL
Drink if you like country music
Drink 3 if you put pineapple on pizza like a psychopath
Drink if you have fur babies
Drink if you dropped out of high school
Drink if own a lovense
Drink if you've blacked out in Yitties
Drink if you have been eiffel towered
Drink if you dated someone on VRChat
Drink 5 if you use Tik Tok, zoomer
Drink 3 if you didn't go to EDC
Drink 3 if you went to EDC
Drink 3 if you're going to EDC this year
Drink if you played Garry's Mod
Drink if you're high as shit and are barely hanging in there
Drink if you hate your life
Drink 2 if you're in the Yitties group
If you use a laptop for VRChat, uninstall and take 5
Drink If you know the lyrics to the song playing right now
Drink if you agree beat boxes suck
Take a drink for each player at this table
Drink if you made a sex playlist. Drink again if you've actually used it
Drink 3 if you have a VRChat instagram or Tik Tok
If you subscribe to an Onlyfans, drink 3 and re-evaluate your life
Give 3 drinks to the ugliest avatar here
Give 3 drinks to the best looking avatar here
Drink 5 if you don't work tomorrow
Give 3 drinks to the person you like the most
Drink 2 if you rated your pp in the discord today
Drink if you're European. RIP your sleep schedule.
Drink if you're on the East coast
Drink if you're on the West coast. West coast best coast!
Drink if you're not on either East or West Coast
Drink if you are a cowboys fan, boooo
Drink 3 if you watch that weird anime stuff
Give someone 5 drinks just because
Drink 2 if you met someone from VRC in real life
Drink if you can't eat spicy food, imagine
Drink if you got caught in an unlocked room
Drink if you own a PiShock
Drink 2 if you are banned from a VRChat club
Drink if you have someone blocked in this instance
If your drinking a 4 loko, take 5 and black out idiot
Drink if you ever pity dated someone on VRC
Drink if your one of the Yitties go-go dancers
Fuck you in particular, take 10
Drink if you are horny, everybody pay close attention!
Drink if you like OGBizzle the least out of the Yitties staff
Drink if you lost at pool tonight
Drink if you are sipping that pink whitney bs
Drink if smoking that good good
If you're a virgin, drink 5 and quit bragging to everyone
Fuck, Marry, Kill. Drink 3 if chosen.
If you're half body drink 2 and get your life together
Fuck you, drink and spin again
Drink if you got over 3k hours in this game, go out more?
Drink if you used a lovense in the past week 0_o
Take 5 if your avatar has fishnets or thigh-highs
If you're from Texas or NY, please stop telling everyone and take 5
If you have a new avatar every other week please stop that and drink 2
If you've seen a repeated question tonight, take 5, we know it sucks, sorry
If you use 2.0 trackers, take 2 and enjoy having to charge them in an hour
Drink 3 if you got some raggedy ass teeth
Take 2 if you're drinking White Claws
Drink if your avatar has a tail, damn furry put it away
Drink if your avatar is practically shirtless
Drink if you're wearing socks
Drink if your trackers are on your ankles
Drink if you participated in a Yitties Pool Tournament
Choose a buddy. If one of you drinks the other must as well.
LoL players take 5, you probably need it
If you have a Yitties logo on your avatar take 3
Drink 5 if it's your birthday month
Drink 3 if your birthday is within 2 months
Drink if your favorite holiday is Christmas
Drink if your favorite holiday is Halloween
You and the player on your right drink, time to make friends!
You and the player on your left drink, time to make friends!
Deskies drink 2!
Finish a quarter of your drink
Finish your drink rn bozo
Finish half your drink
If you got an iPhone, drink 5 and enjoy getting fleeced for basic features
If you caused a car accident, drink 2 and do better
OGbizzle likes men, take 3
Drink 2 if you've been sent unsolicited nudes
Drink 5 if you're not a trusted user
Drink 5 if you don't know how to use Unity. Get it together!
Drink 2 if you don't know how to use Blender.
Roast someone at the table and drink 3
Take a cheers with someone you aren't friends with
Drink 5 if you play that trash Valorant game
Drink 5 and everyone gets to roast you rn loser
Take a cheers with someone you are friends with
Drink 2 if your sitting down, lazy ass
Drink if you ever got shit on by a bird
Drink 2 if you slept called this week
You have no friends so take 3 :(
Drink 5 if you got some of that fire Yitties merch
Drink for every friend you have in the lobby. RIP you cooked
Drink for every friend you have around the table
Drink if you be eyeing someone in this instance; dont blow it!
Drink 3 if you are on your second pair of controllers, clumsy ass
Drink 3 for every VR controller, wire, tracker and headset you've replaced
Drink 3 if you ever had sardines and get help immediately
Drink 5 if you've been binge drinking the past 3 days
Drink if you're pissed yourself
Drink if you've shat yourself
Drink 5 if nobody in your personal life knows your what you be doing on VRChat
Drink 3 if you didn't eat a proper meal before drinking tonight, youre cooked
Drink 5 if your avatar has NSFW capability
Drink 3 if your current avatar has a cock
Okay real quick, everyone pull out your titties and drink 3
Drink 3 if you still live in your hometown
Drink 5 if you've been to Yitties Shadowline
Drink 3 if you've been to Yitties OFFGRID in Orlando
Drink 3 if you've ever used AI for some questionable shit
Drink 5 if you eat Burger King, the fuck is wrong with you
If you're younger than 21 don't drink, go away
Drink 5 if you seen some drama tonight
Drink 4 if you ever got UberEats and they fucked that order up bad bad
Drink 3 if you have an animal in your name
Drink 5 you broke ass ho
Drink 3 if you blew up a bathroom and then some poor soul walked in after you. Time to dip
If you got roommates drink 5
3 drinks for the spinner! Huzzahhh!
Drink 3 if you been to a renaissance festival, drink 5 if you dress up
Drink 3 If your bank account is on the verge of red
Drink 5 if you actually still be using facebook
Drink 5 if you ever landed a Tinder date
Drink 3 if all you ever do on this game is play shitty and spin the wheel
Drink 3 if you don't like what you see in the mirror
Drink 3 if your shoe size is bigger than 8
Drink 4 if you had a Halloween costume this year
Drink 3 if you smoke or vape
Drink 3 if you've been on VRChat for 3 or more days this week
Drink 5 if you e-dating someone rn, good for you guys
Drink 3 if you have a huge cock
Drink 3 if you got cake
Drink 3 if you don't watch any sports
Drink 5 if your clumsy ass has spilled tonight
Drink 3 if you've fallen tonight
Drink if you've walked into something in your room tonight
Drink 5 if your car is older than 2017
Drink 6 if you regret coming here
Drink 3 if you ever got a flat tire
Drink if you were ever late to work this month
Drink 5 if you're drinking Buzz Balls, Beat Boxes, or Soju
Drink if you're taller than 6ft
Drink if you're shorter than 5'3ft
Drink if you've crashed tonight and you're not named Scribbles.
Drink if you're NOT in the Yitties Discord server. Join it bozo
Drink if you're sitting next to an E-boy or a femboy.
Femboys drink.
Eboys drink.
Shortest name drinks.
Longest name drinks.
Drink if you're younger than 27
Drink if you're older than 27
Drink if you've spent more than $25 on your avatar
Drink if you're wearing a custom avatar
Drink if you've been warned today.
Drink if you've ever been kicked from a world
Drink if you're crossfaded
Your friends drink.
Give out shorts equal to the length of your name
Give 5, take 1
Give 10, take 5
Drink if it's past 2am (your time zone) for you
Drink if it's past 5am (your time zone) for you
Drink for every day you had to work this week, you deserve it.
Drink for every round of shitty you've played today
Drink if you're in Foxes' harem
Drink if you've ERPd with a Yitties staff
Text an ex or drink 15.
Drink if you've drunk-dialed an ex
Invite your ex or drink 20.
Read out the last message you've sent or drink 10
Group decides your VRChat status
Drink if you've been personally victimized by Bushwookie's feet.
Drink if you have a crush on someone in the world. Drink 10 more if the group can guess them.
Drink if you've ever said "I love you" and didn't mean it. Awkward
Drink if you've ever called someone another name. Drink 10 if it was during sex.
Drink if you've ever been walked in on.
Hands-up! Last one to put their hands up drinks 10 loser.
Drink if you've ever used NeverMet
Say your body count or drink 10
Who's your favorite and least favorite person here? Take 10 if you forfeit
The person you've known for the longest drinks
Introduce a rule for the table for the next round
Drink if you've seen Krysh's balls
Drink if you've touched yourself today. We adovacate for post-nut clarity here
Drink if you keep saying you're not going to go to edc, but still go every year
Drink 5 if you have an ex in the lobby
Drink if you joined Yitties before it stopped being a sex cult.
Drink for every year you've been on VRChat
Drink for every year you've been coming to Yitties
Drink if you've watched porn this week
Drink if you've ever DJ at Yitties
Drink if you're friends with a group owner, except Kyle, he has no friends
Drink for every group if you're in
Drink if you did not upload the avatar you're using, lazy ass
Drink 3 if you've controlled someone's lovense this week
Drink if Scribbles has her grippers out
Drink if you've been on your knees today
Drink 3 if you've been clipped and shipped (posted in server counts)
Drink 5 if you'll be in a sleep call tonight :sideeye:
Drink 5 if you're in a call with someone (freaky e-daters). They have to take 5 too.
Drink 3 if you're in a call with 3 or more people
Drink 5 if you scored below a 50 on the VRC purity test
Drink 5 if you called out of work to play VRC
Drink 5 if the sun is out
Stand up or drink 5
Do a backflip or drink 5
Do 5 squats or drink 5
Do 5 pushups or drink 5
Drink 3 if you waited in queue
Drink 5 if you own a longcat
Give 3 and drink 1 if you're drinking everclear (crazy)
Drink 3 if your BDSM test is kinda questionable
Drink if you're an ABG, Nicholas pay attention
Drink 3 if you're a mute
Drink 3 if you're played music through your mic tonight
Take 3 if you are scared of someone seeing your BDSM test
Drink 2 if you've fell asleep in your VR headset
Name your favorite position or drink 10
Drink if your name has an odd number of letters
Drink if your name has an even number of letters
